add description about .clang-tidy (#472)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/cplusplus/clang-tidy.md

## Getting Started

> To start using Clang-Tidy, enable it in your [repository settings](../../getting-started/repository-settings.md).  
> If you want to configure Clang-Tidy, please put the `.clang-tidy` file(YAML/JSON) in the root directory. You can disable/enable Clang-Tidy rules (Checks) via the file.  
> Ref: https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using Clang-Tidy, enable it in your [repository settings](../../getting-started/repository-settings.md).

If you want to configure Clang-Tidy, please put the `.clang-tidy` file(YAML/JSON) in the root directory. You can disable/enable Clang-Tidy rules (Checks) via the file. See the [document](https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/) more details.
```
